Clean up documentation (#37)
input-output-hk/constrained-generators: docs/Manual.md

and give them to `genFromSpecT`. Once we obtain a value for `x` we can
substitute this value in all other constraints and pick another variable to
solve.

For example, given the following constraints on integers `x` and `y`

```
x <. 10
3 <=. x
y <. x
```

we see that `x <. 10` and `3 <=. x.` are defining constraints for `x` and there
are no defining constraints for `y` (yet!). We compute a `Specification` for `x` for each
constraint, in this case `x <. 10` turns into something like `(-∞,10)` and
`3 <=. x` turns into `[3, ∞)`. We combine the specs to form `[3, 10)` from which we
can generate a value, e.g. 4 (chosen by fair dice roll). We then substitute
`[x := 4]` in the remaining constraints and obtain `y <. 4`, giving us a defining
constraint for `y`. We then repeat the process for `y`, giving us a specification
like `(-∞,4)` for `y`, from which we can generate a value.

### How to pick the variable order

At this point it should be relatively clear that the order we pick for the
variables matters a great deal. If we choose to generate `y` before `x` in our
example we will have no defining constraints for `y` and so we pick a value for

> it freely. But that may render `x` unsolvable if `y > 9` - which will result in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it freely. But that renders `x` unsolvable if `y >= 9` - which will result in
```
It certainly renders it unsolvable if `y >= 9`
